Madam, you misunderstood.
The young master and the new wife are at home
What a pity!
Why is such a good child not my grandson?
But I like this kid
Come on, grandma
Did I give you this ring?
Mrs. Guo, this is too expensive for the child to accept.
Take it, Yoyo did a good thing
There should be a reward.
Thank you, Grandma.
Come on, this kid is so nice.
The old lady's car is already waiting for us downstairs
Grandma is gone
Wow, Mommy.
This gem is so big
Wow, so big!
It's made of glass.
Mom, that ring just now is not your most precious.
Just send it out
See them
Just think of me
It's also someone who pulls you up
And the child is cute.
Just like when you were a kid